All right.
So the topic I'm going to address today is super important.
And this is essentially how do you go about getting your first 1000 customers? Because they are the most
important people in your life as a startup or as a founder.
When you are big or when you're well-known when you have your reputation, your customers will come naturally.
The hardest part about launching a startup or launching a product are the first 1000 people who believe
in you and your vision enough in order to take a chance and buy it.
And once you've cracked that and you've got over a thousand customers, you are able to grow more organically.
You can spread by word of mouth or your website will start ranking on Google.
It's really the early phase when you have no reputation,
not a lot of capital to spend,
no word of mouth,
you are on like page 10 of Google
even when people search the name of your website.
So this is what that's all about.
And a lot of things I'm going to talk about don't just apply to apps but in fact any sort of business
or product that you're going to build. You're probably going to have to explore some of these techniques.
And there's a really really good article by Kevin Kelly on his blog which is linked in the text below
that I really recommend you read and it's all about this idea of 1000 true fans. And the concept is that
if you're creative or if you're somebody who makes things, essentially to survive what you need is not
a million people who like you but in fact just a thousand people who love you.
And we've certainly lived by this principle at the London App Brewery.
We really believe in building you know true fans who love our product or who love our business and we
go to the end of the world for them.
And I think it's a really good way of thinking about your customers
you know. It's just as in life you know if you try to please everybody
you won't really get anywhere other than displeasing yourself. And in business if you try to make your
market everybody i.e. my product is for everyone on Earth, then you won't have any real customers that
love your product.
So this is some prerequisite reading if you will.
And I think it's a really good starting point for marketing anything because so few people who live
by these types of rules and instead you have all these marketers who are chasing cliques who are trying
to spam everywhere.
And instead the problem is actually very simple.
You're trying to build a product that has value for somebody and you're basically trying to demonstrate
that value and continue to provide more value to them and in return you're rewarded for your efforts.
So in this module I'm going to focus on six topics that I think are underutilized in online marketing
in general and these all definitely apply to apps and-- but also they apply to--
but they also apply to other kinds of products that you might want to launch.
So if you have an app idea and this is going to help you a huge deal
I certainly wish that somebody told me some of these things when I first started out trying to feel
in the dark essentially. And I hope that they'll help you in your journey of launching your app or launching
your product in order to succeed with a huge bang, in order to succeed.
So without further ado, let's get started.